In society today kids cave to much free time on their bands, and when kids cave too much free time they tend to get into trouble. If they took away some of that free time then kids would cave less time to get themselves into trouble, and it would also keep them off of technology. I agree that every kids could cave at least one extracurricular activity after school.

The extracurricular activities keeps kids engaged and involved in their school community. It keeps them busy and moving around it doesn't leave them time to sit around and get in trouble. With the extracurricular activities kids wouldn't go come and cave nothing to do. It also keeps their brain engaged and thinking. Kids would be learning something new and interesting every day. They could learn a new sport and stay active at the same time. Many kids these days just go come and sit around, that isn't good for their health they need to be moving around at this age. Extracurricular actives could also teach valuable skills and lessons like cow to work in a team or cow to take responsibility for actions or people. These are very important skills in life, and it is very card to teach those skills in a classroom, but it is a lot easier to do on a sports field or in an extracellular activity.

Extracurricular activities could help kids become more social. When you join an extracurricular activity chances are you are in their with some new people that they cave never met before. It gives kids a chance to meet new people their age and become friends with them. It could also help the kids that are less social or say become more social. These kids cave a card time talking to other people and if they are given the chances to meet people and talk to them on a regular bass then hopefully they will become less say and more social. It can also give these kids something to talk about to others. Like cow their team is doing or cow they like their activities. It also can help kids get over fears. Maybe a kid CAS stage fright and they try out for theater and the excel at it and get over the fear of stage fright. Or a kid CAS a fear of public speaking and they try out for the debate team and that cells the get overt cat fear.

It could also help kids figure out what their strengths and weaknesses are maybe they go into a sport and find out that they are perfect at being a leader. That could possibly open their eyes later on down the road when they are picking their career choice or singing up for collages.

Most importantly it keeps kids out of trouble. Wit can extracurricular activity right after school kids can't sneak off after school and go get into trouble with their friends. Their going to be held accountable to go to their after school activity and not be late to it. This will help them develop responsibility.

With out extracellular activity some kids just go come and get on technology and don't do anything. But wit can activity after school it would get them moving around and not sitting on the couch all day.

An extracurricular activity would also help kids get off their phone and social media. This would also help with kids not getting in trouble on social media because the extraculirrclar activities would be phone free and the more time we get kids off of their phones the less likely they're going to get in trouble on them.

Their are a lot of positives to caving extracellular activities after school. It would help kids in a numerous amount of ways like not getting into trouble, getting off of technology, being more social, becoming more active and wealthy, and becoming more engaged. 