Dear Senator,

The Electoral vote should be not used in the office anymore. It is casting the popular vote aside, its also basically saying that we the people don't know how to vote for the president ourself, and it brings too much confusion. It might have been used in the past when it was needed, but this it the 20s century and there is no need for them any longer. Something's just have to change and try new things.

Eopular vote is the vote the people cast on whom the new president should be, the one representing our country. The motto of this country since the constitution was signed was "We the people" as in we the people have a say in what we believe is right and justice. The Elector vote although it gives someone else power to vote for us, like as in a state has more people let try to win this state over. The amount of electors given to the state is based on the amount of people in the state and in the house of representatives. For example the state of California has 55 electors because it is one of the larger states in the United States. In the passage "In defense of the electoral College" by Richard A. Eisner, he states it himself" The advocates of this position are correct in urging that the Electoral College method is not democratic...when it is the Electors who elect the president, not the people.". That right there states that our votes are no longer taken into consideration, but now it is only the Electors voting for us, and not "We the people".

The method of using the electors is saying that someone is needed to represent the ideas of the people, as if one doesn't know how to express them alone. The liberty of freedom of speech was granted as one of our very first amendment, as one is able top express their. One might be able to vote for whomever we want but in the end the vote may not matter in office. The vote of the people does not go towards the president it goes to the electors of the state, it takes a lot of time out of osmeones day to vote, the least that should be is that we can at least vote for the president himself and not someone to elect for us.

The electoral vote is used before, and it seemed to have been successful because its is still used in today's society; but that was back then when the people weren't informed as much as we are now about the things that are around us. The Electoral voted severed its purposed, but now it is time to let it go and be able to give the power to" We the people" and to do it ourself. Thank you for your time Mr. Senator, and please take this under consideration.

Sincerely,

proper_NAME.