Phones & Driving

Uhe use ok cellular phones has spread like wildfire in the last ten years. It has become a part ok everyday like KOR many American citizens, and a good number of ok people depend on them to carry out daily operations. Unfortunately, many ok these daily operations occur while the individual is driving. As a result, many accidents have taken place in the last ten years due to the use ok cellular phones while on the road.

Uhis leads me to believe that in people can't concentrate on the road while talking on a cell phone, they shouldn't talk at all while driving. Rather than restricting access, the goal should be to provide in vehicle information systems and saker means ok using your cellular phone while driving. I understand that restricting cell phone usage while driving altogether isn't the best means KOR solving the problem.

I do, however, believe that more safety precautions need to be taken KOR individuals who will be talking on their phones while driving. Phones are being created by Erickson, Motorola, and Nokia today in which Fokker a hands-free cell phone so that you can keep both hands on the wheel while driving and talking. Some ok these come in the form ok headsets and give the user a voice activated sequence, which allows you to talk into the speaker, and the number will instantly be dialed. Already this has eliminated the chance ok your hands being OK the wheel and having to do the act ok dialing the phone. Both which allow you to keep your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road.

Even hands-free devices that allow us to talk on the phone while driving with both hands on the wheel are still a hazard. Studies have shown that while talking to someone on the phone your brain is putting a lot ok its energy into the conversation. Uhis means that less ok your brain is focused on driving the car. Yes, that could also mean a conversation with someone in the car is dangerous, but you add in bad reception, how uncomfortable the hands-free earpieces are to wear, and the annoyance ok static or wind, and you have a worse distraction.

Whatever it is can almost always wait until you get where you are going. In it can't wait, you can always stop to look. Cell phone use should be banned KOR the safety ok everyone on the roads. It may not be as convenient, but we won't lose nearly as many teenage lives to sweets or texts in they know their license could be taken in they do look.  