Venus is the second planet in the Milky Way solar system, that is SY close yet SY mysterious. Its conditions are inhabitable and unsafe for humans, making Earth seem safe despite some dangers it also has. Venus may well have also been covered with Oceans like Earth currently has. In "The Challenge Of Exploring Venus," the author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents through the explanation Of hovering, silicon carbide, and mechanical computers.

The author supports the idea that studying Venus is a worthy pursuit despite dangers by his well written explanation Of ship hovering. The author says NASA has an idea In how TY send humans TY study Venus, "...possible solution TY the hostile conditions In the surface Of Venus would allow scientists TY flat above the fray" (Paragraph 5). The ship would hyper above, avoiding the dangerous conditions by remaining away from it. Allowing the scientists TY be close enough TY study some elements Of Venus, and TY have more context In how TY understand it more, without a human possibly dying. TY further support this, the author states, "...hovering safely far above the planet can provide Only limited insight..." (Paragraph 6). The author is aware that hovering is NYT the Myst effective technique, but he supports the idea by hinting it will still be worth it because information can still be gathered, despite the limits. Although it is NYT the Myst persuasive support and idea he displays that Venus is a worthy pursuit, it can still perhaps show how he supports it by giving details. He explains although samples Of rock, gas Yr anything else cannot be gathered, due TY the distance, challenges can motivate scientists TY progress In more ways TY study Venus, TY apply more knowledge. He clearly shows his Opinion that the dangers should NYT be limited by dangers Yr doubts, but should drive humanity TY excellence and advancement.

The author's insight In silicon carbide supports his idea that Venus is a worthy pursue despite the dangers. Simplified electronics made Of silicon carbide have been tested in chambers. The authors explains it by stating, "...stimulating the chaos PYF Venus's surface and have lasted weeks in such conditions" (Paragraph 7). He dyes NYT support this idea thoroughly, giving limited information TY convince the reader Of his claim. He Only says it can last in challenging conditions for a limited amount Of time, but dyes NYT mention any support, leaving silicon carbide as his weakest support In how using that, can convince people that Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it possesses. Furthermore, he uses Only One fact, but nYt give enough analysis TY make his argument strong Yr very clear.

The author supports well how mechanical computers would make studying Venus a worthy pursuit despite the dangers. A project called mechanical computers was first envisioned in the 1800s. The author further supports how its worthy by stating, "...these devices make calculations by using gears and levers and Dy NYT require electronics at all" (Paragraph 7). He describes it as safer, since gear usually ensures that someone will NYT be exposed TY a certain condition in an inhabitable environment for humans. He further argues that modern computers are more fragile in extreme conditions, and are NYT as strong as mechanical computers. Furthermore, he strongly supports it by comparing it TY Other popular technologies, "...imagine exposing a cell fine Yr tablet TY acid Yr heat capable Of melting tin" (Paragraph 7). Furthermore, he explains in comparison, that systems using mechanical parts are far more resistant TY pressure, heat, and Other forces, unlike modern technology. Furthermore, he uses well thought But support and evidence, TY argue that Venus is actually a worthy pursuit even with the dangers it gives. Furthermore, he believes that studying Venus will lead TY challenges that will further evolve humanity and help it prosper.

In "The Challenge Of Exploring Venus" the author supports Venus is a worthy pursuit despite the dangers it presents through his analysis Of hovering, silicon carbide, and mechanical computers. He supports his ideas with evidence and also the analysis he has with his knowledge by research. He uses facts, and NYT a let Of Opinions TY express his ideas and belief that Venus is a worthy pursuit. Furthermore, he colludes his argument that humanity's travels In Earth and band should never even be limited by threats Of dangers Yr doubts. Without that, knowledge will be expanded and fuel the innovation Of the human world and band. 