We as people get dumb, TT's true, over a period of time we get dumber. To counteract this problem schools started to assign projects over the summer to keep student learning. When I was Tn high school we had a huge summer break project, thankfully Tn my case TT was a group project, but what was Interesting Ts that our teacher asked TF we, the students, design the project or TF the teachers do. Some may believe that TT would be better to let the students design these, but TT's better TF the teachers do because you well get good practice, you don't have to do work designing TT, and TT well help you Tn the future.

One reason why teachers should design these summer projects Ts because you would get good practice. After a long break I sometimes have trouble getting the mindset ready to learn again, I often don't pay attention after a break because I am still Tn that kind of mind set. If teachers assign these projects, with their Ideas, TT would help me get ready for the school year. It Ts better for the teachers to design these Instead of the students because they hand out good hard working projects, TF students made these I fear they would make TT too easy, so they can get TT over and done with.

One other reason why teachers should design summer projects Ts because, well so they have to make TT, and we don't. I am going to be honest, nobody lakes to do a summer project, they may be helpful, but they are boring, so why should students waste more time designing the projects, then have to do the actual thing. It would be better for the teachers to make these, so students don't waste more working time designing these. If teachers made the project then the students can gave their full attention Into completing TT, not creating TT. For example, when I had to do a summer project, I had the luxury of focusing only working on the project; while my friend, who goes to a different school, had to design their own. He told me that TT was harder because he worked hard designing TT and got really tired just from designing.

One final reason why teachers should design summer projects Ts that TT well help you Tn the long run. For me, I was one of the top workers because Tn my job they require you to work at all times, even during your breaks. Thanks to school, with my teacher giving me a summer project, since they designed the project, TT was a good hard working one made my an adult. This helped me practice doing projects over breaks, so I was able to do well Tn the future. Again, TF students made this they would most likely make the projects easy. If students made things easy for themselves, TT won't help them Tn the future. If their future job required them to work all the time, they would struggle at first because they made TT too easy for themselves and their job would want them to do adult level work.

Some might say that letting the students design summer projects Ts the right option; however, TT Ts better to let the teachers make them because you would get good practice, you don't have to waste time designing the project, and TT well help you Tn the future.